# FP-Global-travel-trends# FP-Global-travel-trends
We started by brainstorming what we wanted to work on and how we wanted to present the information. Given the current lockdown, we realized that the outbreak and rapid spread of the novel Coronavirus has caused many of us to miss the days when we could travel. It reminded us that our world is more interconnected than ever before, and that the global tourism industry has impacts that go far beyond leisure travel; it carries significant upsides and downsides, with implications for local, national, and global economies, equity, sustainability, and security (especially biosecurity and cybersecurity). Given this, we wanted to explore the travel and tourism dataset. We were motivated to understand just how much the global tourism industry has grown over the past 25 years, and what have been some of the driving factors in that growth. 
Initially, the team divided the work where two of us focused on exploring the data and researching potential stories we could share with our audience while the third member focused on figuring out the implementation details for scrolly. Upon the completion of the research phase, we started the development phase. Devin focused on implementing the project architecture with scrolly and embedding some high-level data trends.  He worked on the macro level map and area charts. He also put together the video for the team.  Zoe and Bidusha focused on creating the narrative and the visualization that we wanted to share. Zoe worked with data exploration, researched the details of Korea story, and also worked on the tooltips. Bidusha focused on the USA story, the implementation of the line graph with curtain-effect, and the interactive map with visualizing trend of each of the countries. Bidusha and Zoe also worked on the research paper. 
